[WIP] Update docs for agent host (#10079)
Microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/agent-customization/prompt-files.md

| Workspace | `.github/prompts` folder |
| User profile | Your user data (specific to your VS Code profile) |

To create a user-level prompt file, use the Agent Customizations editor or the **Chat: New Prompt File** command.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The default [Agent Host](/docs/agents/concepts/agent-host.md) doesn't use prompt files. To use an existing prompt with the Copilot agent, convert it to an [agent skill](/docs/agent-customization/agent-skills.md). The Agent Customizations editor offers a one-time migration that converts your prompt files to skills (experimental, enable `setting(chat.customizations.promptMigration.enabled)`). Prompt files continue to work with local agents that run in the VS Code extension host.

Reviewer: Would this make sense?

```suggestion
> Agents running on the [Agent Host](/docs/agents/concepts/agent-host.md) don't use prompt files. To use an existing prompt with the Copilot agent, convert it to an [agent skill](/docs/agent-customization/agent-skills.md). The Agent Customizations editor offers a one-time migration that converts your prompt files to skills (experimental, enable `setting(chat.customizations.promptMigration.enabled)`). Prompt files continue to work with local agents that run in the VS Code extension host.
```
